Feature/m0092 meja UI 2336 image and font cache (#651)
MicroEJ/docs: ApplicationDeveloperGuide/UI/MicroUI/images.rst

   - `A8` may be necessary for pictograms with long gradients,
   - for a smaller footprint if the image matches the RLE rule, `A8_RLE` is best.

> Caching Generated Images

Author: same remarks as font gen: not tool, upper case, check image gen chapter in dev guide

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Images converted using the image generator tool can be cached so that they are not rebuilt every time the application is launched.

Author: ```suggestion
Images converted using the Image Generator tool can be cached so that they are not rebuilt every time the application is launched.
```

Doing so can significantly speed up the application build phase.

> The cache may be enabled or disabled through an option in the run configuration.

Author: same remarks as the font generator

Author: the option is `-Dej.microui.imageConverter.disableCache=true` (in JRE tab)

TODO How to enable/disable the cache

The image generator tool obeys several rules when choosing whether an image should be converted.

> - If the cache is disabled, all images are generated every time the application is launched.

Author: same remarks as the font generator

> - All images will be regenerated if the application is launched using another VEE port and the new VEE port uses a different image generator tool.

Author: ```suggestion
- All images will be regenerated if the application is launched using another VEE port and the new VEE port uses a different Image Generator and / or another set of Image Generator plugin(s).
```

- If the generated image does not exist, it will be generated.
- If the source image has been modified since the last time it was converted, the image will be regenerated.
- The image will be regenerated if the destination format has been modified in the `images.list` file.

> Cached images are stored in ``TODO PATH .cache/images``.

Author: same remarks as the font generator

You may delete this directory to force the generation of all images in your application.

> You may also delete a single image in this directory so that this specific image is regenerated.

Author: same remarks as the font generator

An image that was previously generated but is no longer listed in the `images.list` files when the application is launched will be deleted from the cache directory.

> 

Author: missing a warning about the bin folder. Add the link to https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/VEEPortingGuide/uiImageGenerator.html#advanced-test-the-extension-project or better (I think) add a warning in this chapter (https://docs.microej.com/en/latest/VEEPortingGuide/uiImageGenerator.html#advanced-test-the-extension-project) that mentions the cache and the limitation `bin folder`
